Sept tmit (#89)
tikv/website: content/blog/monthly-september-19.md

---
title: This Month in TiKV - September 2019
date: 2019-10-18
author: Ana Hobden
---

Wonderful day! Welcome to the third edition of 'This Month in TiKV', covering September 2019.

## News

> This month our team made one TiKV minor release! This minor releases include bug fixes and minor, backwards compatible features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This month our team made one TiKV minor release (v3.0.4)! This release includes bug fixes and minor, backwards compatible features.
```

Author: Oh, thanks xD My english was bad there.

You can review the changelogs here:

* [3.0.4](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/releases/tag/v3.0.4)

Upgrading? Please take note of these things:

* There is a new batch split region command.
* There is a new `grpc-memory-pool-quota` configuration option.

## Reading materials

Here are some articles our contributors have published over the last month:

> * [@AndreMouche] published an article teaching about [TiKV's MVCC implementation (Chinese)](https://pingcap.com/blog-cn/tikv-source-code-reading-13/).

Reviewer 2: @breeswish is the author.

Author: Oh no, sorry xD

* [@nrc] talked on his blog about [migrating projects from Futures 0.1 to 0.3](https://www.ncameron.org/blog/migrating-a-crate-from-futures-0-1-to-0-3/).

> * [@yiwu-arbug] and [@pentium3] write about automatically tuning TiKV with [AutoTiKV (Chinese)](https://pingcap.com/blog-cn/autotikv/).

Reviewer 2: only for September? The date is 2019-10-18, and we also push 2 documents about best practice for optimistic transaction and PD in October:
https://pingcap.com/blog-cn/best-practice-optimistic-transaction/
https://pingcap.com/blog-cn/best-practice-pd/

Author: Yes only September! We must add the october documents to the october post. :)
